Welcome !
Offering quality assured gamut of Horse Saddle Pads, Horse Shoes, Animal Nails, Horse Accessories, Horse Equipment, Horse Feeds etc...

Company Outline:

Prestige Shoes commissioned its business operations in the year 1920, engaged as the profound manufacturer, exporter, wholesaler, distributor, trader and supplier. Our firm is offering a qualitative range of Horse Saddle Pads, Horse Shoes, Animal Nails, Horse Accessories, Horse Equipment, Horse Feeds, Prestige Shoes and Saddlery Items. In addition, we also offer Rasps, Care Products and Tools to the clients at affordable prices. The entire range is made up of metal, steel, aluminium and other material with the aid of latest technology and world class machinery. 

A Horse Saddle Pads are manufactured by using metal and other synthetic materials, used to protect the hoof of the horse. The clients can avail the horse shoes from us in different sizes, styles and materials. These shoes provide optimal heel support, have improved traction and light in weight. In order to process the products at par excellence, we follow global quality standards in our manufacturing process. Both the raw material and the finished goods are checked by our quality inspectors by using sound testing instruments and tools. 

With the aim to achieve the business objectives at the specified time, we have constructed sound infrastructure unit. It is outfitted with the high-tech equipment, computers and software which makes the task more easier for the employees and saves their time. All the data regarding the incoming and outgoing products are maintained in the computers which was further transferred to the other departments in the uniform manner. In this way, all our professionals of the different departments work in close coordination with each other.

Our Business Philosophy:

Keep pace with the changing market trends
To attain maximum customer satisfaction, cater them as per the exact specifications.
Give priority to the clients and always entertain their suggestions
As the responsible citizen of the country, adopt ethical business practices.

Talented Workforce

Our workforce is the pillar of strength and backbone of our organization. They always support us even in the adverse or unfavorable situations and help us touch the peak of the success. Owing to their support and passion, we are in the position to offer unmatched range of Horse Riding Helmet, Horse Feeds, Horse Shoes, Prestige Shoes, Saddlery Items and many more. Their unique and innovative ideas assist us to add new features in our products and improvise the designs of the goods. As they are the integral part of our firm, we always take their suggestions and views during the decision making processes. Our team members includes:

Technicians
Quality inspectors
Procuring personnel
C&F agents
Supervisors
Policy makers etc.
Product Range

Our firm is an eminent manufacturer, exporter, wholesaler, distributor, trader and supplier of the following products:

Animal Nails
Horse Accessories
Horse Equipment
Horse Feeds
Horse Shoes
Prestige Shoes
Saddlery Items
Horse Riding Helmet 
In addition, we are also providing the following products:

Rasps
Care Products
Tools
Sound Warehousing Unit

We are blessed with the spacious warehousing and packaging unit which integrates world class technologies and all the other facilities required to run the business operations. Our storage unit have enough space to stock the products in bulk quantity in an organized manner. In order to maintain high standards of hygiene, we clean our warehousing unit at regular intervals. Also, we have outfitted modern security and safety equipment in our establishment to monitor the movements of the employees and protect our stocked goods from fire and other accidents. 


Company Profile

Incepted in the year 1920, we, Prestige Shoes have been known as the celebrated manufacturer, exporter, wholesaler, distributor, trader and supplier. Our firm is providing premium quality Horse Feeds, Horse Shoes, Prestige Shoes, Saddlery Items, Animal Nails, Horse Accessories and Horse Equipment at affordable rates. The clients can also purchase Rasps, Care Products and Tools from us. Horse Feeds are processed using premium quality ingredients and contain large amount of minerals, vitamins and other nutrients which are essential for the growth of the horses. Offered horse feeds increase the stamina, better vigor and high breeding efficiency of the horses. Our horse food are reliable for the sensitive digestive system of the horses thus, widely used all across India. 

Business Type	Exporter , Manufacturer , Trader , Supplier , Wholesaler , Distributor
Export Turnover	Rs 30 Crores
Export Percentage	30 %
Primary Competitive Advantages	
Easy modes of payment
Excellent track record
Good brand image in the market
Rich client base

No of Staff	15
Year of Establishment	1920
No of Production Lines	1
OEM Service Provided	Yes
Production Type	Automatic
No of Engineers	2

Product Range	

Horse Shoes
Advantage Steel
Challenger
Concorde Aluminium
Concorde Steel
Continental
Equi-Librium
Equi-Librium Aluminum
Eventer Aluminum
Eventer Plus
Eventer Steel
LiBero
Racing Plates
Horse Accessories
Horse Equipment
Horse Feeds
Animal Nails
BH Slim
City Head
Combo Nail
Concave Nail
E-Nail
E-Slim Nail
FJ-Nail
Libero Arc
Race Nails
Slim Blade
Slim Nails
Swift Nail
Prestige Shoes
Saddlery Items
In addition, we are also providing the following products:

Rasps
Big Hoof
Black Legend
Black master
GR8AT Legend
Gr8at Red Tang
Legend
Master finishing
Red tang
Riders Rasp
Riders Rasp Trail
Care Products
Delta Hoof Tester
Hoof Boot
Hoof Treatments
Intracare Hoof-fit Liquid & Gel
Pads
Right Balance Hoof Supplement
Studs
Tools
Clinch Cutter
Clinchers
Clinching Block
Creaser
Driving Hammer
Hoof Knife
Nail Cutters1
Nail pullers
Nippers
Rawhide Mallet Hammers
Sharpeners
Under Clinch Gouge



Contact Us
( *represents compulsory fields )
Describe Your Requirements In Detail*
Select a file to uploadAttach Files
Name* 
Email * 
Company Name * 
City* 
If City Not Found Click Here
Mobile No.* 
Security Code*
  
Listen to the Code(Audio Link)
  I agree to abide by all the Terms & Conditions of tradeindia.com